Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, sh
shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, sh
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie, you know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is J. J. Cooey.
And I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
I would say if that dark horse interview is real, then we should see a very incredulous
Brett Weinstein trying his best to defend the vaccine schedule from scrutiny.
If not, I wouldn't believe it.
I don't know what to tell you other than that.
I haven't watched it because I am completely done with Brett Weinstein, but it's possible
that that forest is a good guy and that Brett is, you know, sort of slowly leaking the truth.
As I've said before, we could have been here in 2020, but we're not.
We were here here in 2024 because we've been under an enchantment.
There's no way to slow roll an entire globe of people to the truth without a coordinated
theater, without a coordinated group of liars.
Because we've had Galileo's around, we've had people who knew the truth from the beginning
and they were silenced and they were replaced by an illusion of consensus.
So your consciousness as prime real estate is exactly what Brett Weinstein represents.
And the fact of the matter is that people like this guy have known for decades that
the way to control people is to control both sides of a debate, to occupy both sides of
an argument, to be the home team and the away team.
And once you're the home team and the away team, then essentially you can win any argument
by attributing bad motives to the away team.
You see how that works?
And all this truth has been available to us for decades already.
Once we break through this, the main illusion, which is the illusion of fractional reserve
banking and that somehow just through the meritocracy of hard work, these bankers have
become ultra rich.
Right, that's what we're here and here.
So as we've got to get as many people to see as possible, we've got to show as many people
as possible so that as many people who can see will see.
There is a plan, there is definitely a plan, it's not a good plan, I don't think it's
a good plan at all, don't get me wrong, I don't think it's a good plan, it's not,
it's not a good plan, but they have a plan, right, I'm not, they have a plan.
And we've got to take the power back from these charlatans if we want to stop the plan,
we've got to take actually, we've got to take the power back, we've got to take our
kids back, our kids minds back from these people and try again to make gentle the life
of this world, make, make peace again, pursue peace again.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you've been here for a while, you might be here at the top of
the wave, helping your friends and family, helping your kids understand what just happened
and how to navigate it should it happen the next time, that's really what giga ohm biological
intends to do and help other people and organizations who are trying to do the same, dispel the
immunomethology that has been hoisted upon us over the last few decades, and we're going
to do that by staying focused on the biology, by not taking debate on TV and social media
and loving our neighbors.
We are seeking out the sacred in our biology again, ladies and gentlemen, and so doing,
we need the help of other people, and we are of course doing it because of other people
that we love, we care about, and so please share this stream with as many people as you
can, we are trying to make the message happier and more hopeful every day, clearer and more
understandable every day, and it takes a lot of repetition, it's kind of like a really
good jazz performance, requires 500 rehearsals or so, we're on our, let's say, 600th show,
I don't know what it is, I would have to actually count it up.
We've been rehearsing for a while or practicing or it's not even, it's not the right word,
we've been studying for a while, and so although our understanding has shifted, and in recent
times it's shifted quite drastically for me, no pun intended, because I brought my hand
down from my eyes, I brought my phone down from my eyes, I realized that so many of the
people that were telling me stories were not friendly, I didn't even know some of their names.
Ladies and gentlemen, the only way out of this trap is United of Noncompliance, the only way
out of this trap is to learn the biology ourselves and teach it to our children, I am a human just
like you, a multiracial American who was brainwashed when he was young to try and define himself as a
hyphenated, something American, and multiculturalism was a word that they used in college when I
was in college, and I fell victim to the same trap that a lot of the next generation also fell
victim to, which is that here you can have four years of what essentially is free college for now,
and on 8% interest when you become an adult when we kick you out of here, and there's no guarantee
of any income, there's no guarantee of any whatever, it's just basically a glorified library
card with some glorified lecturers, people that definitely didn't know as much as we thought they
did, and now lots of Americans are in debt to that system and we're not supposed to blame the
government for giving away the free money called Pell Grants, we're not supposed to give away
or blame the government for subsidizing those loans to 18 year olds that were told for their
whole life that college was the only way, and we're not supposed to blame the universities that
realize that holy shit we can charge whatever we want if they're gonna give us half Pell Grants
and half guaranteed student loans, well then heck I guess $15,000 a year isn't crazy after all,
and now we have universities that charge in the upwards of 60 or $70,000 a year, I don't know what
Carnegie Mellon costs when I was still working there, but holy cow, and this is all government
subsidized, weaponized piles of money because universities are weaponized piles of money,
they're gigantic endowments, they're gigantic piles of grant money that are collected by the
people that work there, and so this is the, I think that's the music that got me bounced last time,
so I'm gonna draft that down and hopefully I'm trying to figure out why they they blanked my
stream the other day, I think they blanked the intro because of the Tucker clip, so we're
gonna see what they blanked today, it's May 3rd, 2024, welcome to the show, right on time 10-20,
this is Giga on biological
Good morning ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show, coming to you live from Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, it's 20 after 10, I still don't have my timing right of course, but at least I hit
the button before 10-10, now if I can get around 10 o'clock then this whole thing will be perfect
and I'll get to this part at 10-10, like I intended to, so that your watch will look its best when
the screen, when we start the show, thanks for joining me, this is the only place really
on the internet where you can find somebody who is in earnest seeking the sacred biology again,
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the
immune system is dumb, exploring that concept and trying to understand it is a great way to get
to the finish line as fast as possible, but it's a great deal of work, so if you need help and you
want to come back for it, this is the place, um, transfection in healthy humans is criminally
negligent, it's kind of a subset idea of the first one, but it's a more succinct way of telling any
of your friends that are doctors or academic biologists or vet techs or veterinarians or anybody that
purports to know something about biology and also something about COVID, they should have known better
and should have known what transfection was before the pandemic and should have known that in calling
it investigational vaccine doesn't make it any better, certainly doesn't make it appropriate
for healthy elderly people that we would like to live and have around for another 15 years
and it certainly doesn't make it appropriate for young children, never mind pregnant women,
and finally RNA cannot pandemic is a great way to challenge your academic biologist friends,
you know the people you used to work with in neuroscience for example in Norway and in the
Netherlands and all over the world, hi my name is Jonathan Cooey and you can find me on PubMed,
please look me up and then email any of my co-authors, any of them that you find and send them my stream
and maybe even send them to this clip right here.
Hey guys, it's been a long time since I've seen you when I was a patch clamp physiologist
going to seminars with you, I guess you experienced the pandemic like I did which is pretty crazy,
right? Four years ago we were told a biological mythology, a story basically about an RNA molecule
that started out in a mud puddle and is now everywhere including in zoo animals and most of
the whitetail deer in North America. This story is essentially a lie and it is based on some facts
and a lot of fiction and you as an academic neurobiologist may not have been in a position to
let's say drop everything and start reading and you may not have been aware that your former colleague
Jonathan Cooey was actually let go by the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 2020 because
I spoke out against transfection as an investigational vaccine and told people we were nuts for not
speaking out against it and I think you as an academic neurobiologist working in a Nobel Prize
lab in Norway are working in a prestigious university like Erasmus in the Netherlands or
working at the University of Pittsburgh now or wherever you find yourself
should have known the definition of transfection because you've probably used it in your mice,
you've probably used it in your rats in order to express the channel red opsin or or express the
the marker for your for your interesting gene. Maybe you looked at early immediate
early genes like like ark and you had a mouse that could
transiently express GFP wherever ark was expressed and so you understand what's going on when they
say that they're going to use a lipid nanoparticle with RNA and it injected into a muscle
and you understand how imprecise that must be given the fact that you know how imprecise
injection in the brain can be
and given how you know how lipid nanoparticles work or maybe you don't but you could have
figured it out. Transfection in healthy humans was actually criminally negligent and they lied to
us about how the pandemic started in New York City which you can find very easy
and convinced people around the world with a self-contained media campaign that we were
forced to watch because we had to stay at home and unfortunately a combination of very bad
recommendations which included pure high flow oxygen given to people before they eventually
got on a ventilator and many other sort of illusions to create a mass casualty event in
New York City that they then said was evidence that if we didn't all lock down there was going to
be a worst case scenario so we all locked down and then they told us that the worst case scenario
was avoided because we all locked out and most of you should have been smart enough in 2020 to
know that this was a lie most of you should have been smart enough to know that this wasn't possible
and I myself what the hell happened to my focus
the most of you should have known that this was the case most of you should have known that
this was not all possible but it took me a very long time to figure it out
and so I don't blame any of you for not knowing it I'm just trying to explain to you that you
could have known and you can know now because a lot of the work has already been done for you
a lot of the work has already been done over the last four years by me and by a few other
people have been trying to parse out what exactly happened you can forgive yourself for it not
coming to light in your life because of the focus you have on your career you can forgive
yourself for your focus on your family and you can forgive yourself for not having done the
requisite reading to understand it because it was a lot
I've bought a lot of books and I've read a lot of papers I've printed out a lot of papers I've
highlighted a lot of papers over the last four years but I assure you that the words on this
screen are actually real and so you as a biologist maybe you know me from from great conversations
on the roof of a convention center at an SFN maybe you know me from great conversations at a
had a meeting in Italy or in Sardinia or any of the other places maybe even in Swalbard if you got
if we were lucky enough to meet there and I would hope that in all of those places I never made an
impression that I was some kind of crazy person or that I didn't really understand the subtleties
of what we were trying to do as neuroscientists I am willing to wager that I made a pretty good
impression on you in terms of my understanding of the big questions and my interest in yours
and in that respect if you can possibly remember it please understand that it is not with with
it is not willy nilly that I put these words on the screen and that I I'm hanging my family's
future on the words on this screen and so to all the people in Norway in the Netherlands and in
the United States and everywhere else where you have gone since we have been friends since we have
met over my lifetime and 20 years as a neurobiologist I'm begging all of you just think deeply about
these words think deeply about what you know about the mechanisms by which DNA is replicated
RNA is replicated and then find the papers that fill in the holes of what you don't understand and
realize that according to their cartoons and the infectious cycle works in a way that doesn't make
sense according to their cartoons the way that these entities work they're not organisms
they're not species they're not patterned integrity they don't consume energy they don't engage in
homeostasis and so how in the world could an RNA pandemic
a transfection to to usefully augment the immune system is not the same as a
transfection to put a channel adoption into a particular set of neurons in the brain and then
to sacrifice the animal five weeks later I guess that's my plea to neurobiology around the world
to people that that worked in the fields that I have patch clamp physiologists people that work on
transgenic mice people that transfect mice on a regular basis to express channel adopts in
somewhere or to express some kind of pre-dependent protein expression so you can modify a it you
all use the tool and you all know it's an acute modification of that animal's physiology to ask
a question that also requires you essentially to sacrifice the animal because it's not going to
live a long healthy life after you do that anyway I don't know how to give introductions
anymore so I that when just came to me I don't know why I decided to give an introduction for the
neurobiology people out there but I was colleagues with lots of people I met lots of people they all
know my name they all could send me an email and ask me how I'm doing but they don't because they're
all very busy in their own careers right they're all climbing that all their own local ladder
if I was still that's the mistake they made what they should have done was giving me a
tenure position at Pitt and grant money to work on rats and I would have been you know riding my
bike and still I'm so excited I get to do experiments today again I got a new microscope to build
again but instead they told me to go home and put me into the hands of a bunch of retards like
oh sorry for that word a bunch of monkeys like drastic who for a while had me going
or put me into the arms of people like who did I stream with for March and April of 2020
uh Kevin McCairn um Adi ads and Paul Catrell like every weekend for five or six weeks in a row
in retrospect that is just an absolute clown show but I did pretty well on those streams but my
goodness what a what a wonderful wonderful team worst case scenario was assembled around the world
to execute this this operation it was really it's really incredible um this was a national
security operation I don't know if it would qualify as a global security operation but it's a global
group of weaponized piles of money and even governments could be thought of as weaponized piles of
money especially governments that can print their own um and so if you think about these
weaponized piles of money trying to undermine national sovereignty and trying to undermine
western republics let's not call them democracies let's call them what we want them to be which is
republics um with a with an operation which convinced everyone in the world that a pandemic
occurred or attempted to convince everyone in the world that a pandemic occurred and we've heard
them lament on screen um people like Mark von Rancz or people like uh Bill Gates or Tony Fauci
or or or Rick Bright we've heard them all lament that people never take it seriously enough
you know flu isn't sexy enough anymore and so uh this plan has been in the works for a long time
I think the sparse pandemic document we worked on that the last couple days in and out um and
it's got a couple really good examples um which are just the tip of the iceberg for how this was
done but essentially they've controlled all the voices that you've ever seen and that's why you
are very rare you're one of the 3100 people or so that actually know that I exist um and the rest
of the world has no idea because the vast majority of the the way that information moves around our
world is just programmed a certain way it's not AI magic it's not a bunch of oh well I guess this
is the way it works no they can just turn switches and flip switches that are assigned to your accounts
and then your accounts don't go and they can actually make other accounts seem to go
and so it's all a great big illusion of course but we're still actively trying to engage in twitter
and facebook sharing and all this other stuff and this is all part of their their illusion
and they knew that from the very beginning of course they've gained this at a table and so
they've had people in place so that we would ask the wrong questions and we would never figure it
out that there was actually probably just a hot background and so that they rolled out a pretty
non-specific PCR test and told you that this was evidence of a novel spread pretty much no one
would be able to see through it especially if you had enough people in all the right places
to take the stand that no no this works this is real and we told you this was gonna happen
that's the point and so then they added financial incentives to that where they paid 30 000
dollars for a covid death and they added legal incentive to that because they told people especially
in new york city curiously enough that if you treated people for covid that there was no malpractice
because you know it's a novel thing and we don't know what we're doing so you can't be blamed if you
make mistakes now the interesting posit that i have to this hypothesis which i think a lot of people
hate is that there are certain people that were co-opted or certain people that were put in place
very early to make sure that the
skepticism of the existence of a novel virus could be a controlled position as well
and this is the the what has now come colloquially called as the no virus group or the no virus
position and very typically the people that are associated with this very early on in fact by
none other than kevin mccairn the raccoon commander um was very certain already in march of 2020
that the no virus position as portrayed by andy coffman repeated the name over and over again
needed to be destroyed snuffed out eliminated and the same had to happen for the people that said
that the covid virus was caused by 5g these people also needed needed stomping
and that's why i think that all of these people on both sides again not all of them but
collectively all of them because they're winning and unwitting participants once you believe
that that the guy to follow is is mike eden and then mike eden says well i'm kind of
starting to become convinced that there are no viruses then you might move closer to the
no viruses just because mike eden says so and he's a pretty trustworthy smart guy and i totally
agree with that but i actually when mike eden was starting to go that way i sent an email to
him and said like dude be careful because this is a trap because all of these past people i got
unclipped for just one second because i i don't have my bookshelf over here i moved it out of the way
i have this bookshelf on wheels because it's a real pain in the ass it's in the way all the time
um but it's got all my stuff on it i can keep it away and i want the old book where is the old
book that i have where you can go even nothing else but yeah here so
what i'm oh i got to plug in again now i'm sorry i use wired monitors because it's just better
and and well i have to use wired monitors i could use speaker monitors too but then you'd hear the
echo in the room and i would have to play with that instead um so my argument is that
that it is much more likely that something exists at that time scale this is a book that was thrown
out of a library thrown out of the squib institute for medical research in princeton new jersey in
june 18th 19 oh no this was added to the library in june 18th 1984 and then it was discarded
and it's called the molecular biology and pathogenesis of corona viruses and it is from
the state university of utrecht in utrecht the netherlands i could show it on here of course
uh i need to go like this and then like this and then like that so it's this book here
and it's got a lot of stuff in it um
oh that was the other volumes in that series so here's the preface the present volume contains
the proceedings of an embl workshop organized in june of 1983 at the institute of virology
veterinary faculty at the university of utrecht in the netherlands some 70 scientists from 11
countries followed the invitation to present and discuss their recent data on the structure
replication genetics and pathogenesis of corona viruses now what i am suggesting see that they're
they're usually three polypeptides now it's not what we know now we think it's like 27 or something
like that which is curious isn't it right we've added all these things maybe we were just maybe
we just took exosomes that were pretty simple and then we made them more complicated because
we wanted to test out to see if that we could we could we could work out how how gene modification
might work or genetic modification might work i don't anyway so look you have a nested set of
five to six mRNAs in the expression of their large positive and single-stranded RNA genome
to generate these subgenomic RNAs through specific fusion of non-contiguous sequences
to mature by budding from intracellular membranes okay that's something that
is different than budding from the outside which is what what in 2018 a few days ago we listened to
to uh to David Baltimore tell us they're either budding from the outside of the cell or the cell
is being broken because they're making so many viruses so that's interesting because coronaviruses
don't do either of those they're supposed to be born in endosomes and then the endosomes are
releasing them um and cause persistent infection with neurological involvement sometimes immunopathological
conditions interesting you can see that this is a really good that there's real old book like
you know this is almost like it's typed all this stuff is like typed it's really cool um and so in
here are proceedings about what they what they worked on and so my and now this one's also out of
focus that's so weird i don't know what's going on i these aren't that's not usually a problem i'm
sorry i'll figure i'll fix this i will fix the focus
that should be okay looks a little better um so i guess my what i wanted to say was and where i'm
going with this i'm going to go back to the front where i'm going with this is trying to suggest
that the no virus position if it's part of the same slow walk that Brett Weinstein was engaged
in so Brett Weinstein was first wearing masks and first wearing the thing and first saying that
zero covid for like until June 21 at least that zero covid was a viable goal that we should go for
you know to avoid Laurie Garrett's prediction of oh the worst case scenario with one of these
pandemic viruses is that it goes endemic and we have to suffer with it forever
and so of course you could tell that exact story about a signal that was already there
and that nobody cared about nobody paid any attention to they just called it pneumonia and
influenza in statistics you could take that signal and characterize it well with molecular
techniques whatever you want or you could just come up with an illusion of consensus that these
molecular signals are associated with that and that if you don't have symptoms but you have the
molecular signal that's just asymptomatic spread
isn't that incredible that's asymptomatic spread stop lying
and so that entire story that entire story was curated by people on television like Tony Fauci
arguing with people in the Senate like Rand Paul about lab leak or natural virus
this this intellectual idea was curated by people who said that there are no viruses at all that
that the whole idea of germ theory is completely wrong there are no bacteria even are sometimes
is is dropped in there and now if it's the same slow roll follow me if you've been here and you're
you're still with me here if it's the same slow role then eventually we're going to get to the stage
where they are very precise and they're going to say no no we were just talking about SARS-CoV-2
they haven't isolated SARS-CoV-2 of course there are exosomes we don't know what else is there
they're just lying oh no gain a function is fake of course gain a function is fake
no no they probably just put the sooner or later these no virus people if this slow roll is correct
they're going to also say things like maybe there was a background signal maybe there was a they
confounded an existing background signal with a test that worked it's not a place they're at yet
they are still at the place where there are no viruses we have not proven their existence there
are no signals at this size scale so what were these people all doing in the 80s where were they
what RNAs were they measuring what RNAs are they measuring here i'm not saying that this is
great biology or look at these signals they're undeniable what i'm suggesting is is that there
are hundreds of people that were looking at the RNA signals that can be found in these in these
preparations can be found in these in these in these methodologies and trying to understand
what they were and they weren't all liars they could have been misled and i think one of the main
things that they were misled about is that the signal that they were studying was a pathogenic
one rather than an innate one or an exogenous one
other than that they're just measuring the RNA and trying to characterize what happens when they
move it from one place to another and under the assumption that it's pathology instead of taking
an endogenous signal from one organism and putting it into another and then that causing
some obviously predictable immune reaction
and so the no virus there there is no SARS-CoV-2 unless it is very well done very well explained
can immediately tumble into something that nobody will listen to
and indeed i would argue that that's the one thing that they've done so well and i'm i'm
saving it because i have been watched it and i just know it exists that there was some point
a c-h-d video where i think maryll nask kevin mccurnan
andy koffman and somebody else all got together and argued about a very limited you know we're
only going to argue about isolation and purification we're not going to talk about anything else
and they never they they reached an impasse
it's all a big show ladies and gentlemen it's all a big show
and i do think that giga ohm biological is very close with this with this hypothesis right here
the identification of infectious clones as the primary methodology by which all RNA virology
is accomplished and standardized and the realization that these same methodologies have
already been scaled up inside the pharmaceutical industry for at least two decades because we've
been making monoclonal antibodies with very similar techniques process twos
and so it is not ridiculous at all because we even have videos from the beginning of the pandemic
where enovio was doing process two to make the spike protein
spike protein RNA and DNA quite frankly and so they had had already started production of
en masse the DNA and the RNA think about that because the DNA and the RNA is all you need for
a PCR reaction to be positive if the end protein of this coronavirus is not specific
and not very you know unique which i don't think it is
then uh then you just have a nonspecific test in the background and and there is no there are no
viruses there are no coronaviruses viruses haven't been isolated or purified
is a really weird kind of parallel but not exact attempt to explain why they're lying
and so maybe i hope i'm not blowing it i'm probably going too long here let's just get
started because i got a lot of i got a lot of uh
you see the thing is that's that this mod RNA guy in the chat is uh a lot of fun
because he he's he's always engaged in the same thing he's always trying to get me to defend virus
isolation and sequencing with controls it's it's isolation that these no virus people are
concerned about in purification that these people are concerned about and the way that they dissect
the the experiments with regard to metagenomic sequencing
the way that they dissect the the uh isolation and purification of viruses is totally correct
and there's nobody who would deny that because people have been saying that for a while
and they aren't the first people to say it right people said that about AIDS
and so the argument that i'm making is that it is very very dangerous to say that there's
nothing at this size scale that none of these signals are real because people have
in lots of different contexts been looking at the things at this size scale for many decades
something is there and for some reason or another somebody like david baltimore
was encouraged to waste his time making a hour-long video explaining the generalities of virology
in 2018 even though we know most of those generalities aren't true and we know that exosomal
communication exists maybe we have to do another show on exosomes because
to make to make clear that these these departments existed in the early 2000s that these
investigators existed in the early 2000s and everybody was fired up about it in the early 2000s
and then all of those investigators got absorbed into exosomes associated with cancer
it's the literal truth because that's where the money was and using exosomes to diagnose cancer
you can't get money for studying exosomes in health there's there's no grants but there's
millions if not billions of dollars available for um for studying exosomes in the context
of cancer and so there you go there it's gone now you're a cancer researcher and you've got tenure
and you've got money and you have your respect and you have your own little niche
it's exactly how it works so the reason why i want to visit tom kawen is because i think
tom kawen is potentially um a medler in the sense of play to roll in maybe containing
mark and sam bailey for example um i have revealed on the show before and i could show it again
that i emailed sam bailey very early in the pandemic because i was very impressed with
her analysis of the pcr test and i actually was saying the same thing at that time
that it could be a combination of a hot background or just a non-specific test
um and at that time she was also saying the same thing not really saying there are no viruses
she didn't care about isolation or or purification at that time and so i contacted her and she was
pregnant and gonna have a baby so she said after that maybe in six months or so she could
contact me again and then by the time those six months had expired kevin mccairn my what i thought
was kind of a colleague um had was playing these these meme videos where her mouth was full of hot
dogs and there were you know like bimbo bailey kind of thing and really full on the the no-virus
attack like you gotta we gotta snuff these people these idiots out and so because i had used what
i thought was adenovirus to transfect my mice for me and i still still think it's adenovirus um
it's the name we have for those those constructs um to transfect my mice or in this case
transform um oh no it was actually transfect i feel as though uh i was vulnerable to accepting
you know the virology as it stood and so this this seemed like a kind of sidebar to distract
from the idea that it could be a lab leak and so if you told everybody that there was no virus
that this would make sense that wow okay so then lab leak is also crazy right that never dawned
on me it dawned what dawned on me was is that you could say there was no virus and then that would
keep a lot of people away from ever suspecting that this was actually a man-made disaster
that was a very enticing mystery for me to solve and people like kevin mccairn made sure that i
thought it was an enticing mystery that people at drastic made sure that i that i thought that i
was on it that i was one of the best in terms of you know being at the front edge of of solving this
mystery and i didn't understand that i was being played that i was being lied to by multiple people
even though i should have i mean drastic is almost exclusively people who don't use their
own name especially at that time and on the far spectrum of this me being kind of on the side of
of adi ads and paul katrel and kevin mccairn at the in in april and may
was to oppose uh anti-coffman because he says there are no viruses and that he says this is all
pleomorphic cycle or something like that and he would go off and i'll be like oh i don't want
anything about that that's crazy all i know is that our immune system is probably better off
just hopefully you know be healthy i didn't know that was the only thing i knew for sure
but in the meantime all these people just like the people who knew fear and cleavage site was a
lab leak in february these people knew there was no virus and so i had to look that up actually
i'm going to change that now i had to look that up it was 2023 it was just a year ago so we can do
that like that and then i can resume the slideshow there we go um so we're going to do 2024
versus 2023 so from 2024 i have selected a tom kawin question and answer video which i found on
sub stack thanks to one of you guys um and then i'm going to watch at higher speed the video that
supposedly was made in response to my email that i wrote when i was still a um scientific
advisor for uh Robert F Kennedy jr and before i had actually started working for chd um i was
still helping with the book and uh mary holland actually asked me to write a response to christine
massy and the response that i wrote was basically what i've been trying to teach for the last
you know year or so which is that i think that there's a way for all of us to be right
i think that you guys are right about there being no sarsko v2 virus isolated or spreading
around the world i think you're right about the pcr test being used to create that illusion
but i also think you might underestimate how easy it would be for them to create that
illusion with real molecular signals that they could use infectious clones to see the narrative
and it wouldn't need to spread it would just need to be culturable it just need to be
sequenceable and it would convince even more people that would otherwise be able to see through
the illusion because this would be seen as sort of like gold standard proof that was beyond a
reasonable doubt and that i thought we could come together on this idea and it would be very
exciting and they laid into it what did they do they got immediately mad and they wanted
they wanted me to send papers to show that infectious clones were real
and and called me uh and just another one of these people
and so there was no bridge there was no attempt to understand there was oh wow you want to you
want to listen to us you think a lot of things we know nothing at all was an immediate attack
slander bang boom
um and there was a little bit of a conversation with mary and um christine massy that was recorded
on somewhere and i think it was uh a doctors for covid ethics meeting and mary said it very
subtly um that we don't think that it's it's a nuanced enough position and that's basically what
i said in my email that i wrote for them on their behalf
and she rejected them and so here we are now still separated rather than coming together on the
idea that they lied to us that we've been lied to collectively we're still separated we're still
fighting about this and so maryll nass even writes a sub stack about how we shouldn't be fighting
but then she seems to signal that she's talking about people like mike eden or jessica hocket
or mark kulek or jonathan cooey
she's not talking about the no virus people anymore as being dividers or or could bring us
together when they have a tremendous following of people who are already very skeptical already
very open-minded and already willing to understand that they've been lied to but it's not a simple lie
and if you give people a simple explanation that is not sufficient then you're not giving them
the freedom you're not giving them the informed consent that you claim you are and i would argue
that maybe Andy Kaufman maybe Tom Cowan maybe that was their role for 2020 and 2021 to make sure
that people like Sam Bailey and and Mark Bailey or make sure that people like Stefan Lanka would
have somebody in front of them so that the real message of wow they're lying to us would never get
out and instead would be clouded by this you know all this technical talk about what is isolation
and control and what is what is purification and control and we only want to argue about these
two things because if these two things aren't right and they don't have any proof and these
foyas are real then then there's no discussion anymore yeah technically that's true
but it doesn't seem like a very genuine way to bring everybody on your side when reality is is
that they lied to us and we might not know all the lies we might not have all the details
and there might be some technologies we don't fully understand there might be some
there might be some things we don't understand so let's go let's do this i know that was a terribly
long introduction 52 minutes i'm should almost stop this video and start it again
um so that we can get it right so this is just taken from very recently i think it's just last
week even here we go okay hello everybody thanks for joining me again for another wednesday webinar
today may first 2024 oh no it's a couple days ago there we go the significance of mayday is but
it's got something to do with workers i think okay uh don't think there's any announcements
so let me get right into it today i wanted to talk about a subject that i've talked about before
but this week on tuesday one of the weekly webinars now there's not very many of them that i actually
watch is uh the bailey's sam and mark i believe it comes out every tuesday morning at least for me
and i want it to piggyback a little bit uh on the uh on the webinar they did i get on hypermectin
but i also think i think that there's really no argument mr and a man mod r and a this is a
response to a chat i don't think that there can be any argument made that pcr can work
i don't think there can be any argument made that sequencing works um i don't think there
can be any argument made that that growing large amounts of dna in a bacterial culture works i
don't think there is any argument that can be made that if you take and construct what they call an
infectious clone and then apply it to a cell culture that the cell culture may react to it
um it may cause things to change uh i also think that this is enough for them to with an illusion
of consensus between virologists uh wittingly and unwittingly to create the illusion that this is a
significant threat to our well-being when it's not and that they can create the illusion that
none of these signals are our own none of these signals are endogenous they're all pathogenic
obligate pathogens from outside and that's of course a mythology but if the goal is to slow roll us
to that truth while they controlled demolition the entire republic of the west
um then these people may be a part of it because eventually we do have to get to the truth
it's just that we don't want to get to it too fast and because if we get to it too fast that
all of us won't be in the cage when we finally learn the truth that's really what i believe
they're doing to us we could have had everything and know everything that we know right now in 2020
because mary holland maryll nass robert f Kennedy jr and all the people that work for chd
knew that the vaccine schedule in america was criminal and if compared to any other vaccine
schedule in world would be obviously criminal so they could have told us that right away in 2020
said it unequivocally this is the time to realize that the public health apparatus is
crucially it's crucially corrupt but they didn't
instead we thought we talked about mandates and we talked about censorship and we're still
talking about mandates and censorship they're not actually going for the throat because it's
not time to go to the throat yet because not all the pigs are in the cage
not all the brains are trapped not everybody is locked in once everybody's inside the gate
will close and it'll be over for our grandchildren and at that time there will be everybody will
be inside and then everybody will say see the no virus people were right there was never a
SARS-CoV-2 they were lying about it see kui was right there was a background signal
see and it'll be too late i'll be dead
my kids will be gone and the only people that will remember will be a few old people on their
rocking chairs who just happened to catch me when they were in college
just like i'm talking about Ted Gunderson or Mike Rupert or Ed Griffin for that matter
who i'm going to get a chance to meet in june god willing
and then their stories will also disappear like elders lost
it's a slow role ladies and gentlemen and certain people were put in place to make sure the role
would be slow they stepped in front of other people who were speaking out stepped in front
of other people and that stepping in front of other people is the trick to see
and i don't know who did it but i suspect we could figure it out if we wanted to i suspect
each of us could figure it out if we wanted to okay tom sorry go ahead
i think that they everybody who's interested in the subject of ivermectin
should absolutely go watch that video that webinar or whatever it is that just came out with
i think it's dr sambailey.com i'm not sure exactly that's exactly the right website
but absolutely that should be checked out and i just wanted to not correct anything not by any
means but just to emphasize some things just which i have actually been over before
the reason of course is i'm continually well i don't know if i'd use the word shocked or
surprised because not too much shocks or surprises me anymore but let's just say
interested in how many of the people that i know who are allegedly in the health freedom
space and community are either taking ivermectin so-called prophylactically
or have taken it for nice illness that they've had in the last four years good for you tom claim
to be covid i wouldn't have expected that maybe maybe i would but it's just there's so many of them
that i think it's still worth revisiting that subject because i guess the bottom line here is
this is one of those clever they they being the perpetrators or the controllers or whatever you
want to call them have a very clear strategy with so many things so many things of there's a
conventional narrative and then there's the alternative narrative which always cast
so is he so versions and usually there's so do you think that he was saying this already as long as
we've been saying it the idea that they have so many plans in place
actually most of the time when these people encounter anybody they insist on talking about
only one damn thing and that's isolation or purification of viruses that's it they only want
to talk about whether you believe sometimes they even tell you that unless you'll say that there's
there's no virus i don't even want to speak to you that's how they roll
and so there is no effort to connect there is no effort to come to some collective understanding
and he will now tell you that they've never engaged in any insults or or been short with
anybody or been less than cordial it's just all of us being really uh mean and stuff like that
jay cooey being really mean being one of them you'll see in a minute when we watch the their
response video to my email you're gonna love it elements of intrigue and collusion and criminal
activity against the dominant uh people in the dominant system and that becomes the alternative
narrative close my window here and that's the only two things you're allowed to believe
so in this case the of course the alternative uh sorry the conventional
narrative for co for covid is caused by a virus and the only possible uh you know preventative
treatment or thing you can do to stop the virus at the end of the day because we know hand washing
and masks and social distancing and all that don't really work so you have to do the vaccine
and then along comes the so-called freedom community and you don't need me to name any
names here but most of them have been in lockstep about this saying oh no there's this pandemic
for sure and it's caused by a virus for sure now we think it's a lab leak virus or a lab
created virus we've been over that but even a bigger scandal is whatever whichever virus it's
caused by it certainly is effectively treated by this safe and effective we've heard that one before
drug called ivermectin which is cheap and it's a miracle drug and so the reason that they've
suppressed that uh the treat the the successful almost miraculous treatment of this viral infection
with this miracle drug called ivermectin is because there's seemingly some clause that says
if there's an effective treatment for this pandemic or this situation then you can't fast track or
some administrative words of the vaccine so they had to the narrative the alternative narrative
goes you had to get rid of the ivermectin story unfortunately for us poor people because ivermectin
is such a wonderful drug and anyways there was a nobel prize given for the discovery of ivermectin
which if you know anything about the nobel prize process that should make red the strongest red
flags go off uh you know joining the ranks of uh i want to show you something this reminds me
enders and a whole bunch of other nobel prize winners um so uh and they've suppressed the
research and the anecdotal experience and the experience of numerous hard-working frontline
doctors all out there saving lives with this wonder drug called ivermectin and the only reason
the government and the pharmaceutical companies are suppressing this antiviral wonder drug is because
if they allowed that to get out people would have an easy treatment for covid and then they wouldn't
be able to fast track the vaccine and then they wouldn't be able to kill us all with the vaccine
so if you're an alternatively leaning person that's your that's what you're meant to believe
and of course neither of those have any relation to reality and just to give you an idea you hear
many many doctors you know going on their various platforms and talking about
I really got to say I think um the only thing I can say is kudos to tom for explaining it so well
um you know that I've been saying this for quite some time now um and the only thing for me is that
I just didn't understand how many people were involved in it I still at some point thought that
CHD and the people at the top of CHD were all just in it to win it and they once they had my
information they were gonna crush of course now you know what happened with me and CHD uh whatever
I said on December 23rd apparently got me fired I want to show you this newspaper that I have from
Norway it is um it is the address vison address vison uh and it is uh from how the hell's the date
holy shit uh 10 10 uh 10 10 0 9 um and so this is the the time when the peace prize was given to
to uh to this guy um Barack Obama and the reason why I want to show you this is because
well I got to look at the page it's on 18 you know there are newspapers in the world that's funny
on 18 here we go there it is so check this out I just want to show you this because
um it's funny and he mentioned Nobel Prize right so first of all star star for that
explanation on what ivermectin in early treatment was um actually thomas binder and i have also
explained that very well and actually mike eden was cited by maryll nass in her second to latest
substack um where she said that that mike eden attacked uh uh test lorry for advocating for
early treatment uh for a disease that didn't exist and and kind of said that this kind of
division wasn't uh wasn't was gonna ruin us because there definitely was a covid and then
today she did a substack restacking uh a couple other articles that she wrote about why there's
really a covid oh the insistence the insistence is revealing the certainty is revealing check
this out this is this is yours truly in the uh Norwegian newspaper standing in the road of uh
trondheim and here oh shit that was a aberrant aberrant mouse click there i apologize um here
it is jonathan jkui 37 oh man look how fat i am and healthy um from wisconsin and matt burt from
illinois we only met each other that day and never talked again um we were both uh our obama
sympathizers but we both say that it's a really big mistake and i'm actually quoted in here as
as uh saying that it undermines it is not a not a candidate for the nobel peace price says
hentia new biologist jonathan kui from wisconsin um so i don't know if that got me on a shit list or
not but anyway there's that that's one of my most favorite little things i got from uh
from norway my time there that was a fun interview um so yeah tom kawen sorry we we are we're having
fun because he's actually doing really well a crucial point i can't emphasize that enough a crucial
point is that ivermectin is an anti-viral agent that is crucial to the whole story so of course
nobody asked them ever and up to this point not that i've looked extensively but i've never heard
extensively but i've never heard any of them not cori not col not kirsch he's not a doctor
not mr cola not melone not big tree nobody's saying here's how we have proven that ivermectin
is an anti-viral agent absolutely a magnificent point um wasn't ivermectin
identified by domain as being a potential candidate wasn't that the whole
am i wrong is is mark in the chat was it was it also on domain because that might be one of the
only reasons why they think it works um that is an interesting uh observation he's definitely not
wrong um anti-viral is very very specific term um that doesn't mean very much in the context of an
infectious cycle cartoon that we know is wrong therefore there is a plausible rationale thanks
mark we're using it for covid now that's curious because why didn't anybody ask them why didn't
anybody ask peter mccullick how does he know that ivermectin is an anti-viral agent i would like that
to be struck from the record because peter mccullo is advocating for hydroxychloroquine at the beginning
of the pandemic not ivermectin and it's actually pere cori who has a book about ivermectin that's
a mistake that's annoying since it's one of the things that his clinic regularly uses and sells
for people who are suffering from the viral infection called covid so that could be his
clinic could sell it the wellness company also distributes it uh it's also been associated
with zeb zalenko although i would suggest to you that that's also wrong because zeb was not
advocating for ivermectin he was actually near his death advocating for zinc ionophores and zinc
supplementation that's it and he didn't even specify what zinc ionophore you could choose
he gave you a list there's a green tea extract there is a thing called quesareton however you
say it and then i think hydroxychloroquine is also thought to be a mobilizer of zinc although i am
not an expert on the the chemical attributes of hydroxychloroquine oh the sam went over this but
i wanted to emphasize this uh because this is again something i've talked about before
but everybody should know this in their back pocket they should know it cold so if you run
into anybody who touts ivermectin or treating covid you can pull this out and ask them the first
question you ask them how do they who how when did they demonstrate that ivermectin is an anti-viral
agent so here's how the story goes our old friend leon kailey who's the quote virologist from
australia who wrote one of the most important papers which i won't pull up but it's on sam's
webinar uh wrote one of the most important covid papers because it was the paper that described
the i believe the first case of isolation of sars kov-2 outside of china that is to say in australia
so how did he do it of course he took one person who was diagnosed with covid how was he diagnosed
based on the christian drossden pcr primers even though christian drossden says in his paper
we designed or came up with these primers without ever having access to the virus
which is an amazing slight of hand if you think about it no it's not see this is where i think
they go wrong and so what i would very respectfully like to explain is that if the proxy that is
accepted by the consensus is the presence of the sequence then looking for a sequence
can be done using primers designed from that sequence you don't need to have
that sequence in the house you don't have to have the infectious cloned copy of that sequence you
just have to know the sequence and there is some truth to this and it works with endogenous genes
with endogenous RNA and and we we know how to do that the question is whether or not the fidelity
of these primers in this test on whatever background is present is real
the question is whether or not this signal was present before 2020 or not or would have been
present with any with with the same frequency that it was measured once we started rolling
out these many many tests and so he's very right but he's also very wrong
and it's that subtle wrongness that whether it's whitting or unwitting we've got to correct
because PCR works it is highly precise if you use nested primers it's ridiculously precise
and if we wanted to demonstrate that the nicotinic receptor content of of a certain
internor on subclass in the brain of a mouse was upregulated in a certain context we could do it
and we would measure the mRNA in single cells and we could show a difference between the transcript
count in a one neuron versus an inactivated neuron that's possible
and with very vigorous controls that's even publishable
but none of that rigor that underlies the specificity of PCR in the context of academic biology was
applied in the context of the pandemic because it was an emergency because we had to cut corners
and so that opened the door for lies and exaggeration about the fidelity of these products in the
first place but by distracting people and saying that well he didn't even have the virus so how
could he how could he design primers is misrepresenting how this biology works
and completely distracting you wittingly or unwittingly from the possibility whatever that is that
there was a background signal that could be distorted as the spread of something and there aren't very
many examples that work very well for this but if I try the best one I can come up with is automobiles
if you could somehow convince people that there are no automobiles in the world
and then give them a test and say if you go down to your garage
and you look for wheels you may be an asymptomatic carrier of an automobile
you could be very specific about it if you wanted to at first so that it that you didn't know
whether you had it or not it might be that the the specific version is a Toyota
the deadly version is a Toyota then it changes to Kia and so if the test is for rubber wheels in
your garage then a lot of people test positive if they test but it would all depend on whether
they were given a test or not everybody else would just not know that they had an automobile because
they've been convinced that there are no automobiles in the world until they brought a test to their
garage and they found out they had an automobile and then we could sequence them we could say wow
it's currently the Toyota going around and you wouldn't have the resolution because you were
just measuring for wheels but you would assume it was a Toyota because if it is it could kill
your grandparents and then slowly but surely they can roll out this this this evolutionary tree of
wow it's gone from Toyota to Kia to and and now the latest variant is a Chevy and because you
weren't testing for Chevys at the beginning of the pandemic then you didn't find them
and so as we move forward and farther and farther it seems like this this idea of an automobile has
spread everywhere they're literally everywhere holy shit I guess it went endemic and the only
trick that's necessary there is if you could possibly convince the entire world that there
were no automobiles that they didn't exist they don't you don't know what they are we don't
understand them but everybody's vulnerable we all need transportation
little did you know that you've been riding around in an automobile and you didn't know it that's
the illusion of a coronavirus pandemic if my hypothesis is true and that is that there is a
signal out there that could easily be distorted as a high resolution high fidelity measurement
of a spreading pathogen when it really wasn't and there's good molecular biological tools
and good method logic oh I mean microbiological methodologies with which to construct that illusion
and so by saying things as simple as well he didn't have the virus so how could he make PCR
test that just shows that either he doesn't understand how PCR works as a tool in an academic
bench setting where there are adequate controls and the the goal is is the highest fidelity possible
versus what happened during the pandemic
and it misleads people into thinking that there's a real simple way to object to this when it's not
that simple and all the academic biologists know that that's part of the reason why they keep their
mouth shut I hope I'm not wasting my time here this is a real important message to get right but
it might take me more than one try because it is a very subtle nuanced message I don't know what
the truth is but it is more complicated than these people often projected as and that frustrates me
that's all I'm saying I would love to talk to them about it how can you develop a test using a piece
of something when you never had access to something to the something that obviously is irrational
illogical and ridiculous but anyway so they used that to claim this person had covid then they took
some of their mucus otherwise known as snot didn't look for any virus in it didn't purify it
meaning they didn't extract a virus from that did the usual inoculate that on monkey kidney
cells take away the nutrition and the antibiotics and the fetal calf serum you the monkey kidney
cells broke down and in some bizarre Orwellian use of the word isolation that becomes the first
isolate which has a name outside of China right so that's called the isolation of SARS-CoV-2
which again is totally illogical ridiculous and anti-scientific how is isolation obtained
through the process of adding stuff to mucus then turns out this same by the way
that was the same paper which we've again gone over many times where they showed electron microscope
images of the SARS-CoV-2 virions that's individual viruses that they obtained from this culture
with the comment that they didn't look like the usual coronavirus spiked virions until they added
trypsin to digest away the outside protein coat and there when they digested it then it looked
like it had spikes which is it's amazing that they get away with this but they do and so he was the
guy who did that but but that's just cutting the fear and cleavage site of the protein so that
it changes configuration instead of being a little knob becomes longer and floppier
which again I'm not willing to say that all protein biologists are lying we've been studying
the fusion proteins of these exosomes for a long time and we know that there are a lot of common
mechanisms and hinges in these tertiary structures of these proteins and that certain
regions of these proteins are highly conserved because of that functionality
now again I think it's possible here that this slippery slope is now suggesting that all these
protein people are lying that all these measurements that we've made are bullshit
that these proteins themselves don't exist so that when we treat them with trypsin we shouldn't
expect them to change configuration a virologist can listen to this and then say yeah but I mean
come on we know that they change configuration when you expose them to trypsin rixie would say the
same thing mccaren would say the same thing and so it's a difficult place for me to be here because
again I don't want to attack anybody anymore I don't want to say any but I just think we've all
been so thoroughly confused and he's there he's very close he knows that they've got everything
covered so if he knows that they've got everything covered I wonder if he suspected of anybody in
his group was also covered or part of the cover up so maybe it's not Tom maybe it's Andy
Andy Kaufman gave some talks that included the word exosome in early 2020 and then never again
and I noticed that his talk at the red pill conference has nothing to do with viruses at all
in in in june I can't believe I'm on the same speaker card as Andrew Kaufman and Mickey Willis
in june it's it's absolutely insane but I'm gonna try my best to express my
frustration with the lack of nuance and the lack of of sophistication with regard to opposing
this mythology and I agree with the general strategy of start with the idea that they've
lied or exaggerated just like peter teal said in 2019 that I play over and over because I think
it's important to realize that that's the truth that the specialization has allowed people to really
just go off in any direction they want and create all kinds of of models of reality that
don't need to be verified and virology is is is one of the most glaring examples of that and so
there are many of these objections are very right and then some of them are done so awkwardly that
they end up undermining the other good arguments that they make and I just am I can become suspicious
as to whether that's on purpose or by accident in other words we found stars from pieces of
wood but only after we called a carpenter who to cut the outside pieces out so that would look
like stars that's the level of scientific discord here so then he takes this broken down cell
culture of monkey kidney cells he inoculates that onto another culture of monkey kidney cells
doesn't doesn't use a control or says he uses a mock control which has nothing in it so nothing
from any inoculated monkey kidney cells and doesn't actually describe the the actual details of the
mock infection so we have no idea that everything else was even the same as in the so in the experimental
group which means it is not a scientific paper so then he takes this monkey broken down monkey
kidney cell again takes away the nutrients adds it to to the monkey kidney a new batch of monkey
kidney cells and then takes away the nutrition adds more antibiotics more fetal calf serum
and in this time he adds a little bit of ivermectin and then he finds that the kidney cells
took longer in the added ivermectin group than in the no added ivermectin group which he claims
shows that ivermectin killed the stars cove two or inhibited the growth of the stars cove two
virus just to be clear at no point in this did any virus actually get discovered or found or
identified there was no point in this experiment where you could even possibly conclude that it
was inhibiting the growth of the virus all you can say is that when you take broken down monkey
kidney cells with snot in it and you inoculate that onto other monkey kidney cells and the one
you add ivermectin and the other you don't the one you add ivermectin took longer to break down than
the one that you didn't add ivermectin so he's more or less right i'm sure i would could look
at the paper but i'm sure he's more or less right and i think that this is indeed part of
the illusion that they intended to create they also did experiments right with hydroxychloroquine
or with ivermectin where it was obvious that they weren't testing it in the right context or with
the appropriate dose or with real people and so then all of these these objections were were visible
like it wasn't even it was like so hamfistedly done that at first it seemed like wow they're
so desperate but then when you look at it in retrospect it looks much more like it was just
orchestrated and then they gave these torches to the people that were part of the controlled
opposition here you you carry the torch of hydroxychloroquine for a little while here you carry the
torch of ivermectin for us and write a book here you carry the torch of verus for a while and focus
exclusively on that and if we have to we'll pull Malone out and he can carry the torch on
objecting to the RNA claiming that he invented it and he'll just slow roll his objection from a
beach in hawaii all the way up to the senate in 2024 so he's kind of on it you know and that's
really great it's too bad we could have been here a year ago at least we could have been here a year
ago with with mary holland and maybe even bobby kennedy in a zoom meeting but we aren't
i wanted that real bad but for some reason it just didn't happen
and for some reason instead mary holland and christine massy met on a on a doctors for covid
ethics show and that's all oh and then there's the response video that we're going to watch later
which is just fantastic that's what you can say so if you want to take ivermectin based
on the fact that in case that your problem that you're experiencing symptoms with
is because you have monkey kidney cells with fetal bovide serum and antibiotics
and viral transport medium breaking down in your body and you want to prevent it from breaking
down as quickly then you might have some rationale for taking ivermectin but in order to say that
you have to say that that is the problem with covid and i think you would have a damn hard time
proving that so the question then uh is uh so so that before i say that that is the entire basis
for the claim that ivermectin is an antiviral agent which is the basis for the claim that it's
an effective treatment or something called covid which is the basis for the claim that there was
some sort of conspiracy against the wonderful wonder drug safe and effective ivermectin so that
they could bring in a vaccine which is what you were sold when you decided to take ivermectin
by the health freedom community that's the story now some people will complain and comment and
criticize but i or my friend or my 20 friends they took ivermectin and they felt better
so how could you explain uh maryll nass was giving ivermectin that's part of her story right
in that well first of all that's uh that has nothing to do with the proof which i just went
through that ivermectin cannot possibly be an antiviral agent so that is independent we already
know that that's the case ivermectin has no relationship to anything to do with viruses nor does anything
else but you do have this observation see i hate that it's just not it's not nuanced enough and
it's getting people to not think it's turning people's brains off instead of making them
realize that in order for them to understand the lie there's still some work to be done
so how do you explain that well it turns out that ivermectin is a a interestingly and very toxic
to the nervous system this has been documented over and over again it's also functions shout
out to tim truth i think he's really been hammering this home and doing a good job of it i think
mark has also given him a little props for that shout out to tim as an anti-fertility agent
which may be one of the reasons why it's so widely used in africa it's also widely used in
animals i just found out yesterday that most horses and most dogs who are treated by conventional
vets uh take ivermectin basically once a month and there's lots of neurological problems including
seizure and disorientation and other neurological problems that come about through the continual
use of ivermectin so it is it is not a benign chemical that's what it is
being take make no mistake about that is a pharmaceutical made chemical just like many others
and it seems to have two effects one is it has a prednisone-like effect which means that i can
guarantee that anybody who has so-called flu-like type symptoms or symptoms which we associate with
covid which is basically an inflammatory response due to some sort of insult not a new disease by
any means but lots of people get inflammatory responses due to a wide variety of insults
and if you take prednisone you will feel better you will also have made yourself dramatically worse
because all of these so-called flu-like or so-called covid-like or so-called detoxification
like symptoms are your body's way of doing a house cleaning and it's no secret that you can
stop those those house cleaning responses with strong pharmaceutical drugs and you will think
you feel better but actually now you've only stopped your body from doing its detoxification
house cleaning strategy and you will ultimately be a lot worse because that's how you heal so make
no mistake about it ivermectin stops the healing process oh i like that idea Brett Weinstein's
brain being affected by ivermectin is very good i like that pam that's wonderful just like prednisone
just like hydroxychloroquine just like giving you know monoclonal antibodies none of them work
with how we actually heal and another interesting i would say a hypothesis which i can't prove
is that one of the ways that all of these drugs work is they stimulate the sympathetic nervous
system and it turns out that the healing response is basically a parasympathetic nervous system
response so when we're relaxed and we're not stressed and when our digestion is working
and when we're healing that is essentially in controlled by the parasympathetic nervous
system when you give somebody prednisone or hydroxychloroquine or ivermectin you stimulate
the sympathetic nervous system response which then stops the healing causes the nervous system
symptoms like seizures that you see with with ivermectin in particular and you you essentially
have stopped your body from healing and so that's how it works so the argument that aunt Fred or
uncle harry or whoever you felt better is no different you would be better off probably taking
high dose of prednisone if your only goal is to make yourself worse but feel better today i would
be interested to hear what somebody like perechory or maryll nass would respond to this argument because
i'm not an MD i defer to them when it comes to knowing how these drugs work because i don't know
how president prednisone works and so this is a very cool argument that i would love to see
fielded um to other mds what i'd also like to hear these mds comment about is high flow
pure nasal oxygen given to people in the hospital and how many symptoms could have
resulted from that i would like to know how many of these people have ever thought about
the use of these silly devices to make people decide to go to the hospital is actually also
part of the problem i wonder if if having these kinds of protocols in place could have fooled
people into believing that there was a novel symptomology present every once in a while
and that he could explain that to them so that they wouldn't just need to hear over and over
again stories about viral isolation experiments being dumb because all the discussion of viral
isolation experiments being dumb still doesn't explain the bomb that went off in new york city
that was used to convince these people and er not these people but people in in australia and
new zealand that their lockdown worked the bomb going off in new york city and then going back
to baseline was used to explain to america that the lockdown worked and so we better get on with
explaining the lies that actually underlie this thing rather than just focusing over and over again
on isolation and how virology is an illusion because it is yes it is an exaggeration for sure
and a lot of them might even be lies but molecular biology is not a lie pcr and sequencing reactions
when done correctly are not lies they're very high precision molecular tools that when used
correctly give us great insight into what's present at in in preparations that we cannot
otherwise measure but to say so little about how that technology could enable them to distort
already pre-existing signals into something that they are not but instead just say over and over
again something dumb simple like there are no viruses it's really it's really it's annoying
to me because it's not he's not teaching my children the truth he's giving them a dumb simple
explanation that will be dismissed by most people
that would be a good way to do it i just got a message saying that jessica hockett just recorded
a video with wolf gang wodock and vivian from um the coronavirus investigative committee in
germany which is very exciting i look forward to that video so i saying this because unfortunately
especially in the people who one would hope no better and think more deeply about this
they still buy the hydroxychloroquine ivermectin story this is a boondoggle for the pharmaceutical
industry especially in veterinary medicine and it is the only wonder draw wonderful part about
it is the wonder that anybody fell for this story we will at some point and hopefully i'll
have some other input on this get into even the question of does ivermectin even work for
so-called parasitic diseases whether they're even our parasitic diseases because all the
evidence points to that is not how it works and i even heard an anecdotal story of a description
of a of a study which i haven't seen so it's maybe unfair of me to mention this but it's a bit like
the maggots did the maggots kill the dog but they've interestingly take maggots are now used even
in conventional medicine to clean up wounds because maggots seem to have a good ability to
distinguish between dead and dying tissue and healthy tissue and they only eat the dead and dying
tissue leave the healthy tissue alone and that prevents quote infection because the other way to
do it is to have microorganisms like yeast and bacteria and parasites eat the dead and dying
tissue so if you get the maggots to do it then those other things have no food and you get a very
clean wound and so they did a uh investigation of who was better able to effectively debreed
a wound that means to take away the dead part and leave only the healthy living tissue
surgeons or maggots and i think it should be no surprise that the maggots won hands down even
with surgeons using microscopes um okay i was going to show you something about interesting
interesting i'm what they say about ivermectin on wikipedia they talk about how it works using
glutamine gated chlorine channels and that's how it uh increases the flow of chloride items and
hyperpolarizes the cell membrane paralyzed and killing the invertebrate uh it's safe for mammals
at normal therapeutic doses used to cure parasite infections because mammalian glutamate gated
chlorine channels only occur in the brain and spinal cord the causative causative ivermectin's
usually do not cross the blood brain barrier and are unlikely to bind to other mammalian ligand
bind ligand gated channels so the problem with this of course is there are no channels in the
cell membranes or in nerves or in muscle cells and there is no blood brain barrier the nerves
don't work because of hyperpolarization and the flow of chloride ions so this whole thing is
simply just a story that has no holy shit okay so there there is again where i just i can't take
it i cannot take it because unfortunately ladies and gentlemen i'm a patch clamp physiologist
i descend from the the the i've actually had dinner with and a long conversation with burt
sacman the guy who got the nobel prize for investigating in and inventing uh the patch clamp
measurement and technique so that you could measure the voltage across a a plasma membrane
and if there's anything more beautiful than the electrochemical properties of a a lipid bilayer
and how amazing it is at that size scale that so much energy can be usefully harnessed
and how much we actually understand about it using real measurements back when old school
biology was old school biology he's discounting some of the most beautiful experiments that have
ever been done in biology including the squid axon experiments and what we understand about
myelination by saying that there is no blood brain barrier there is no ion channels that is
incredible that is absolutely incredible because the details of the biology that we understand
about ion channels and ligand gated ion channels is extraordinary i've measured in real time
flickering calcium activated potassium channels and then exposed them to calcium and seen the
amount of conductance from the inside into the outside of a cell sorry from the outside of the
inside of a cell increase 10 000 fold and then when i turned my own little knob to stop the
the flow of calcium i saw it go back down to flickering picohamps
the only thing we did was transfect HEK cells with the DNA that encoded a small conductance
potassium channel and expressed thousands of the same channel then we took that membrane
and we ripped it in half and had it across a very small glass opening so that nothing could flow
and we could measure that nothing was flowing and when we exposed that outside to calcium
those channels opened and there was electrical current carried by potassium flowing until we
removed the potassium and we could do it over and over and over again and these experiments have
been done over and over again with increasingly higher fidelity as we progress through the science
of biophysics and the science of of of these membranes
and so unlike virology which started out in the 40s
progressed to the 80s and then pretty much uses the exact same techniques they used in the 80s now
which is what he just explained a minute ago is bullshit that we're still using
psychopathic effects to indicate the presence of a virus is bullshit
and so he's totally on top of it until suddenly he decides to throw out everything we know about
membrane physiology everything we know about protein subunit assembly we have actually
crystallized some proteins and we have actually accurately measured the function of some proteins
we have and to discount all of that science because some people have been lying about virology
for 40 years is the worst choice ever and again is he giving my kids anything or your kids anything
if he tells you that there's no blood brain barrier there are no ion channels there's no
ion flow how do we get to the point where we understand ourselves as Tesla wanted us to
understand ourselves as frequency and harmony if there aren't electrical signals that are flowing
in our neurons the hell is he talking about
what does he think the electricity of our body is if it is not the ionic conductances in the
electromagnetic forces that are created by the beauty of a lipid bilayer
what a crazy statement to make to somebody who has been a biophysicist for 25 years
wow he didn't make it to me but for me to hear that this is right in my wheelhouse i could talk
about this for four hours i could use only the data that i myself have made i could use the papers
that i've published to show you that ion channels work like that should we do it right now let's
just do that right now let's just stop right here let's go over here and i'm going to do it in real
time so you can see i'm not full of shit here we go let's go pub mad where the hell are you
let's go kui
jj and one one hyphen will work enter there's my papers look at them all just you don't have to
worry because i'm the only jj kui in the list it's only one long list of papers that includes what
it what is it 19 results so i'm not a not some kind of big scientist you can see my whole track
records right there starting in 2002 where i had two papers with a guy who i really wish i could
see again collard huwamad um collard huwamad was a guy who took me in when i did not have a job i
just lost my my bartending position um because of being arrogant um and that was my only job i
had just quit teaching and i was kind of spiraling and uh he hired me um taught me to patch clamp
it was actually in the next door lab that um at the university of chicago that i met hybrid
mansfelder and when hybrid mansfelder was done with his postdoc he went back to the netherlands
where he started as a ten-year track professor and he came back to the university of chicago and
gave a talk to say goodbye and uh i said yeah it's really cool i'm glad you i'm sorry you're leaving
or whatever um and he said why don't you come to the netherlands it'd be my first phd student i was
like huh what don't tease me man this was in 2001 i said don't tease me man i will i will leave in a
month and he said i'm not teasing you let's fly you out there next month and you can do an interview
and then you can decide and so i did that in october i i flew for an interview in november
17th 2002 i moved to the netherlands to do my phd with hybrid mansfelder who i again i met at
the university of chicago has a research technician working for collard hohamad and uh with yinjin
and uh and and john drexler who's also still a long lost friend of mine who i uh i miss a lot
um this is where i really realized what biology was all about and how people get in it together
and work hard together um and and put their ideas on the line together and this was a really great
team um yinjin who was an extremely skilled experimentalist who helped me to understand
how to use the equipment and and how to do it well and also showed me what eight hours a day looks
like when you're a scientist it's actually 10 or 12 and how focused you have to be when the
experiments are working you just got to stay um and so i learned a lot from working with yinjin
i also worked learned a lot from working with john because he was our molecular biologist he did
all the transfections was doing all of the the cell culture and so the the experimental
preparation that i was working on was essentially curated by uh collard and by john and so i did
the recordings and and yinjin did the recordings um and so in this paper uh let's let's do this one
um this is the first paper that i published where's the other one there's there's a giant patch
paper two where's oh next what no where's the giant patch paper
oh there it is way up here uh that's 2002 oh it's not an order i see sorry i thought
that was as an order so i went down to the bottom display options should be not summary
best batch no it should be publication date there we go so the most recent one came out that's nice
i'm really impressed that they actually did this my old boss is is brian hooks there that's the guy
at the university of pittsburgh who um asked me to not come in anymore um and he was actually
wearing three masks when fauci told us to wear two um and uh kaffrin rough um this is a really
great scientist at the university of pittsburgh got a really neat idea about how neurons could be
neurovascularly coupled and how um interneurons might regulate regulate that coupling
and so i did some experiments with her on some of her knockout mice before i left there and some
of her uh some of the experimental preparation to try and show that this was indeed the case
they were really fun experiments to do she was really a fun person to work with and so i suspect
actually it was her that had the integrity to include me on this paper because i think if it
was his choice he would not include me because they published um my data they mac hooks but i
show you brian if i go here and then uh and then it loads and then i go on brian hooks um what you
will see is that they published um my my data right here and i'm not even on it so this bio archive
pre-print right here is almost all my data um or maybe it's not that one which one is it's this
one sorry this one so sandra is somebody who did a lot of my mouse work um and she was a technician
in our lab um and then this uh roman he's a guy who came after i was in the lab um i never really
got along with him um at some point i just was fed up uh and uh gotten a shouting match with him
during the pandemic um but this is the guy who supposedly finished the rest of the recordings
but if you look at this paper um almost all the data in it is mine and i'm only in the
acknowledgments as doing the experiments that's pretty that's pretty shitty um that's extraordinarily
shitty from the perspective of brian hooks who i consider to be really uh one of the worst people
that i know in pittsburgh if i saw him on the street i think he would actually turn around and
walk fast the other way that's how little class or integrity he actually has and interestingly
enough he were he was in the united states navy um for 20 years as a submarine uh first lieutenant
and became captain after he kind of retired um married a chinese woman um while a postdoc and
she took a job um with mckenzie um at the start of the pandemic which is kind of interesting after
her postdoc at the university of pittsburgh kind of failed and so we have a 20 year navy guy that
i was working for at the university of pittsburgh with a wife who took a job at the at mckenzie
complaining to i guess the head of the department that i shouldn't be there anymore and then ending
my neuroscience career not only that but then not publishing the data that got him
his own god dang arrow one is all my data the reason why he has funding in his lab is because
of my data then when he published the paper he didn't even include my name on it thank goodness
somebody like kathryn ruff and somebody like like where is sarah ross the other p.i from pitt
probably had the integrity to include me on the paper even though you look at this paper and my
experiments are probably only one figure whereas in this paper they might be five
what's jessica ross's story that sounds like this one
what's matt crawford's story that sounds like this one
what's robert melone's story that sounds like this one oh wait no robert melone was working
on domain program in 2020 not losing his job a 20 year career in something completely different
for speaking out about the biology that every one of these frickin people including all these
authors should have known because we all use transfection every day
and all of these people are sophisticated enough to know that the bullshit that that guy just said
about there being no ion channels and no brain blood brain barrier and all this
they're sophisticated enough to know that's bullshit but they're not sophisticated enough to
know that transfection called an investigational vaccine is bullshit they're not sophisticated enough
to know that r&a can't pandemic well that's outside of my expertise
but tom kauen gives them a real easy ball on a tee to say well obviously this guy doesn't know what he's talking about
clink and so what goes out of the park with that it goes out of the park is the the objection to basic virology
do you see how malevolent that could be if this is done on purpose rather than just unwittingly
awkward and and and clumsy naively clumsy
i've actually touched these experiments ladies and gentlemen did i just delete that close that
window to get this back darn it i didn't actually show you the paper so let's go back to that again
i need history and this one is that one
come on here we go i'm going to put it back over here sorry about that
this is my story as told on pub mad we put publication date we go down to the bottom
and the second to the last paper is this giant patch recordings
i'm very proud of this paper because it took a lot of my own
dog on it okay i got to do this over here so you can't see my passwords
uh okay confirm your institution seriously
and then my phone is going to beep if there's anything that i hate more than
then six factor identification and passwords i can't really know what else it would be
there we go
okay so here we go bringing this back over we're going to view the pdf
Devin Ryan is a student that we had in the lab john Glover is a student we had in the lab
i taught them both the patch clamp Devin Ryan went and did his PhD in Germany somewhere and
contacted me when i was still in Holland um Joseph Young is interestingly enough a
PhD uh physicist who actually worked with us um for some of our analysis and actually
Joseph Young is so cool because you know what he worked on he had this apparatus that would
compress water into such a small container that it would glow like uh the what what seems to happen
with these shrimp when they can move their claws so fast that they create like a spark of light
in the in the i don't know if it's their claws or their tail they create a spark of light in salt
water he was actually working on how you compress light with a laser or some other shit i'd have
to send him an email again um to create that light and how that light is generated which i think
is still a very interesting phenomenon that could have some a ram big ramifications for our
understanding of of the world that we don't yet get how that works um anyway Joseph Young
another really cool person that i met at the University of Chicago so here's this paper and
what we're doing is we're taking glass electrodes that are already very small and we're going to
make them much larger and that i use this apparatus underneath the microscope which is detailed here
so that i can perfuse across this end and then what i did was and this was all pretty much relearned
by looking at other people's papers and then trying to replicate what they described
i created these pipettes under a microscope with my own hands and with own manipulators
and and heat so a wire that was very close to it that could heat it and then i could break it
and shape it and then polish it and then i would take individual human embryonic kidney cells
which were expressing only one kind of potassium channel because that's what they were transfected
by john drexler and i would use suction so that's what was also cool
the one little contribution that i did in my
in my career and one little thing that i'm very proud of which actually has no it's not very special
but it really helped me a lot um part of what i learned at the University of Chicago with regard
to patch clamp is that the creation of the seal and that's where giga ohm biological comes from
giga ohm is the measurement of the the resistance of the seal that gets created
when you suck a lipid bilayer onto the end of a glass pipette and it extrudes all the water so
let me just draw a little picture here for you so that we i can give you an idea of what we think
is happening here what we think is happening here this is sidebar is that the electrode
and the cell membrane if we were to look right here where they come together if we were to look
right there and and magnify it a little bit what we actually see is the pipette and then we see
the lipid bilayer and what's imagined we don't know if this happens but this is what of what
physicists have hypothesized is happening is that when a giga ohm seal happens
it is because of the positive charge of the lipid nanoparticle a lipid lipid bilayer
and the borosilicate glass so we use borosilicate glass because when you put it in water it actually
becomes charged and so what this creates is a charge bias here and water can actually get
excluded it's like pushed out and once all the water is gone that means there's no space in here
and that means that no current can flow so no matter how much what we have is then a cell
and it's in a bath and down here in the bath is one wire right this is like one positive wire and
then we have another wire that's inside of the glass pipette which glass doesn't conduct electricity
and so no matter what voltage i put across this this lipid bilayer nothing flows there's no current
and so if i look at look at this paper what you see here at the top um oh i don't i can't point
with my pen when i'm on this screen um what you see here at the top is a when there's no calcium
present essentially when i try to push stuff through i get nothing to go through and the scale
here is two nano amps i think it might even be 10 nano amps which has a gigantic amount of current
that's like uh i think that's let's see if it's nano amps yeah one nano amp so that's very big
typically speaking when we talk about a single ion channel we talk about picot amps and so then
we go up to nano amps so this is a thousand times it's tens of thousands of channels here
essentially because it might be three or four picot amps that are are going through an individual
channel and when i expose the the patch to calcium at different voltages we see all kinds of different
conductances that we can predict mathematically depending on the concentration of potassium
outside and inside the pipette because we are in complete control of that we control the calcium
of the potassium that's in the cell we already know and we already know what we put in here
because i filled the pipette and so i control the potassium here and i control the potassium here
and mathematically this these curves and this conductance describes the biophysics of the
potassium channel as it opens in response to calcium as the conductance occurs and then wanes
as the proteins slowly close because of the nature of how they work they don't stay open but they flicker
and the flickering is greatest at the beginning and then the flickering goes away so if you could
see the individual channels here it would be much like a pixelated staircase it's not a smooth curve
it only becomes a smooth curve because collid and john have found a way to express only one type
of channel in this cell so that we can start the biophysics of this one channel of which hundreds
of thousands perhaps different types of channels are expressed in any neuron and so it's very unfortunate
that he would make such a statement because it's really completely and totally untrue and the worst
part is is that it becomes this thing that any academic biologist who might have been tempted
by the first part of this discussion where it's like oh really they don't and they don't
isolate as much as i thought oh that's cool they actually are completely discounting that
thank you very much completely discounting that argument now
because he says the ridiculous thing is that there are let's just listen to it again to make
sure i get the whole list right a side panel panels so the problem with this of course is there
are no channels in the cell membranes or in nerves or in muscle cells and there is no blood brain
barrier the nerves don't work because of hyperpolar polarization and the flow of chloride ions
so this whole thing is simply just a story that has see what's crazy about this is we know that
nicotine is especially poisonous to to insects because they use acetylcholine gated channels as
their primary channel suite in their in their nervous system we have nicotinic channels but we
don't rely primarily on them to conduct nerve impulses therefore nicotine has other effects
and so it wouldn't be ridiculous for a chloride channel based agonist or antagonist to have an
effect on parasites which use chloride channels in ways that we don't and for him to discount this
possibility by simply saying that there are no ion channels there are no neurons there are
no electricity there's no ion flow actually discards this and it discards this
and i'm sorry ladies and gentlemen but i did these experiments with my bare hands okay i might
be mistaken about what happened but i would sure like an explanation for what i did for these three
years what i was doing and why it was that until i figured out how to make the pipette shape correct
until i figured out how to coat it with the right wax and until i figured out how to
use a device which i was going to show you a minute ago to to find control the air pressure
so that i could make that giga ohm seal without damaging the cell look at these traces
this is multiple nano amps now i'm sure about this one because i remember this was a really
big one um scale bars five nano amps we're talking about tens of thousands of the exact
same kind of channel here and giving us a measurement with no you can't even see the
error bars because they're so perfect this is real the air bars are just lost in tiny inside
of those little tiny signals this is some of the most high fidelity biophysical measurements that
have ever been made on earth bar none and that's me tooting my own horn before i even had my phd
this was when i was a technician i had just gotten kicked out of a bartending gig and one year later
i was doing this thanks to colin huwamad and yinjin chao and john drexler and none of this is bullshit
all of this is real biophysics and so to say that there are no ion channels is really ridiculous
and it undermines his very real position that there might not be high fidelity coronavirus is
like they told us don't you see how magically malevolent it could be if he knows he's doing this
and if he doesn't know he's doing it we better get him to correct it quick snow value
okay it's enough about ivermectin again for anybody who really wants to see the references
and get more in detail in this please watch sam and marx video i think it's dr sambailey.com
this week on ivermectin so let's get to some of the questions
what have you seen work for poison ivy elimination treatment comfort it's the um
the thing is really quite simple right what we used to control the air when we patch clamp was
a syringe or even actually if you go to universities now the reality is is that most people will
still be using their mouth so they use their mouth and they used to suck on a on a hose or
blow on a hose to create and let me just explain it when you do the experiment that i just oh i'll
do it like this because i have the the picture is there at least i hope it's still there yeah so
um when you do this experiment um what you do is you you use air pressure
to control the cell so this cell has been dissociated it's not stuck to the glass here it's
actually rolling around and so by controlling the flow the air pressure inside of this pipette
which is filled with water but if you put pressure on it it will blow out and if you suck on it it
will start to suck in from the bath and because this is microscopic it's not like the pipette's
gonna fill up with water anytime soon or it's not like the pipette will exit and empty with water
pretty soon but the problem was is that all these patch clamp physiologists when i was getting
taught none of them absolutely none of them and i shit you not none of them were doing anything
but they're god dang mouths they had a hose and it was connected to the back of the manipulator
that was holding the pipette and then they had the hose and they would blow into it and then they
would could they would turn a valve and then whatever pressure was in there was what they were
using to blow then they would approach the cell and they would open that valve and then it would
start to suck and the cell would roll in or the membrane would get get would touch the glass
but what i learned from doing this giant patch experiment was was that the differential between
the pull and push of that positive pressure really dictated whether you would get a very good seal
or whether the seal would be kind of shitty now the other thing that's really interesting that
you'll probably like uh is a little note to understand is that when you're making a recording
from a neuron like i used to do all the time there was a real art to it in the sense of you
would get next to the neuron and you would have this position right here now this position is
not wholesale yet you have to break this membrane here so that this and this are the same and that
your electrode that's in your glass pipette is actually inside the neuron that's what's so cool
about patch clamp physiology now in breaking this membrane it actually becomes very important
whether the membrane looks like that or whether the membrane looks like this where this isn't
there so i guess i should just draw it again down here and what i realized very early on in my work
with with collard is that the control of the air pressure by your mouth often resulted in
like this which meant that when you tried to break this open so that you were making a recording
here a lot of this shit would actually be in the way and more importantly it would get in the way
during the experiment and your your fidelity of recording would go up and down because there
was stuff in the tip of your pipette so after a couple years of working with collard i had gone
through from from syringe to machining myself this thing that i could hook up to the air hose
and when i turned this of course it's moving out so it's a very subtle control of the airflow and
then i added this valve on the top so that when i opened it when i pushed this button i could go
to neutral and so neutral suction like air pressure turns out to be the best way to form the gigaseal
but most people couldn't get there because they were using their mouth so they were going
sucking right away and they would get this bottom configuration here instead of something that looks
very clean like this one and i i over time figured out how to do it right and everybody
that's worked with me or learned from me has started to use a device to control their air pressure
rather than their mouth because their mouth is just stupid but lots of people use their mouth
because that's how they're taught and that's what happens in biology you do it how you're taught
so again we're off on a tangent here but the tangent is a very good one because
tom kawen brought us to this tangent i just can't believe that he said that i can't believe he said
it so i'm going to say it one more time and then we're going to go on to this let's eat poison ivy
so that we don't get poison ivy anymore hold up it's tough question let's just say i'm in principal value
the source and are unlikely to bind to other mammalian ligand buying ligand gated channels
so the problem with this of course is there are no channels in the cell membranes or in nerves or
in muscle cells there is no blood brain barrier the nerves don't work because of hyperpolarization
and the flow of chloride ions so this whole thing is simply just a story that has no value
okay enough about ivermectin again for anybody who will control for the calcium channel is
the calcium so i'll show you again just because i i want to risk i like the fact that you're asking
about it so in in a here this is when no calcium is present there's no current right this is like
the zero line it's just staying there so you can see me turn on the current but there's really
nothing flowing it's just kind of leak and then you see when i turn off the current you see a
little leak in the other way but when i have this is what i do this is what you don't see i
shouldn't show you this so here's the cell i roll it in with air pressure it makes a giga ohm
seal and then i used a second pipette with heavy suction and i went like this and i tore the cell
off so what's left here is not an open membrane but it's that half of the cell so this is called
an inside out patch or an outside out patch it's a very niche skill that not very many people ever
bothered to try and learn how to do and college challenged me and i figured it out
but what you're doing is you're making a seal on the on the cell like this and then you used a
second pipette that's sucking and then you move it past very quickly and it removes this part of
the cell and then what you're left with is this patch which has potassium channels in it
and so in the control experiment there's no i put it in front then i take this i take sorry
i take this pipette which i've now created by removing the outside of the cell i take this pipette
and i put it in front of this gigantic tube so this is this pipette but now at a lower magnification
and this tube is is connected to a bunch of of reservoirs that i control with a valve
with with electronic solenoid valves and so i'm blowing whatever i want to blow
i'm blowing with this huge pipette i'm blowing on this channel whatever i want to do it
and so i can control the potassium i can control the sodium and i can control the calcium and
whether calcium is present or not and over here i've got a lot of potassium
over here i have almost no potassium and so if these are potassium channels and they open then
the potassium will flow from the high concentration to the low there should be a huge flow of potassium
when these channels are open and these channels according to their physiology only open when
calcium is present so i would start by perfusing a no calcium solution
with low potassium and you would see this which is no current and then when i would switch the valve
and and chlori sorry calcium would be present then i would get this nano amp of potassium current
and we could show it's potassium because you can block it with potassium channel blockers
because we can change the potassium concentration and in real time and show that mathematically
speaking the the driving force in the Nernst equation as calculated by the the the potassium
concentrations that we ourselves have created on the inside and the outside of that patch correspond
mathematically to the prediction of the Nernst equation that's very hard to dispute that these
are doing what we say they're doing and it's not just me of course there's a couple generations
of biophysicists that have been working on trying to get at the heart of how these channels work
using any kind of this is a preparation that very few if any other people have ever used i don't know
if you can find another paper where someone used recombinant sk channels in human embryonic kidney
cells in giant patch recordings to show the bio membrane the sorry the biophysics of potassium
channel this might be the only time anyone tried to test it at this fidelity when we did it
the results were beautiful the people at the biophysics conference were like holy shit
where did you find this technician and call it had to answer i got him with a with a classified
ad because i really did apply or respond to a classified ad in the chicago tribune in order to
meet this guy anyway let's go on wants to see the references and get more in detail in this
please watch sam and marx video i think it's doctor sambailey.com this week on ivermectin
so let's get to some of the questions what have you seen work for poison ivy elimination treatment
comfort it's a tough question poison ivy is tough so it's we're told it's through the
the contact on the skin of a chemical they're called urushial i'm not sure how to spell that
and this chemical gets absorbed through the skin and then can go into your bloodstream we're told
and then you have systemic poison ivy so there's definitely a difference the difference is if the
original exposure and all the symptoms are contiguous with that exposure in other words
not on one arm and then the other arm and the other arm didn't have exposure so if everything
is on one arm that's still localized poison ivy and if it spreads to someplace that it's not
contiguous with then it apparently must have got there through the blood or the lymph
so that's called systemic poison ivy so the things that i have used and seen for that some
of them i've used and some of them i've only heard of uh there there is a a a over-the-counter
stuff called zinfel i think or something you'll you'll see it starts with a zin and it's a
it's apparently a chemical that breaks down the urushial and so it's not a bad idea to if you know
that you've been exposed to poison ivy and you tend to react strongly to it i mean this again
anything that's coming out to your skin it's basically the plant world is serving as the vehicle to
help you create an elimination reaction so the skin eruption and the itching and the
the pus and the vesicles that is the body's way of getting this stuff out but you can also temper
you can also break down the chemical by rubbing your body in the area that was exposed with this
over-the-counter thing i'm sure you'll be able to find out what it was and that breaks down the
urushial and then it stops uh your body will stop reacting so that's the first thing there's also
some plants uh that people have used and i'm not an expert on this i think they're called
julweed and maybe plantain and so you can chew those or make a paste and rub that over the
area where you've been exposed and i believe you can even eat those although i would check on that
and that apparently will stop the symptoms uh quickly in in many people so that's the second
thing that i've seen and done uh the thing that i've heard that works is to actually take some of
your own urine that you actually make an antidote and you can make a compress with that and put it
on the affected skin and then you can drink it which contains the antidote to the poison ivy
and that apparently will make the symptoms and even a systemic problem go away very quickly
i've also seen good results sometimes not all the time by taking homeopathic cell salts i'm not
sure which one to use for that but also to take just homeopathic roostox which can help make the
symptoms go away quicker so those are the basic things that i've seen i've also seen people uh eat
a little bit of poison ivy and apparently the native american people did that in the early part
of the season before the heavy part of the poison ivy season or poison oak season and apparently by
eating it then your body develops resistance somehow to poison ivy exposure i've never done
that myself but i've heard that that works so if anybody else has any effective poison
boy i think poison eating poison ivy sounds like a very very bad idea but uh you know
go with what you go with ivy treatments i would like to hear them so you can send those in the
comments okay uh tom in your fantastic book cancer and new biology of water you mentioned
luis curve ran who among others showed that in living beings cosmic background radiation
is sufficient to change elements into other elements it's loud um okay i don't know that he said
that cosmic background radiation it's the radiation or the energy flow in living beings that changes
elements into other elements so i'm not sure he said cosmic background radiation but i know what
you mean your idea that a dome with antenna and pillars in water in a cell or in the tajma hall
are the receiver of energy aligns with these findings are we here at the source of the secret
of life i would only say that we're getting towards it what we're realizing is that the usual
a biochemical reductionist materialistic model of everything but in particular life
is severely lacking and that we are bio energetic electrical electromagnetic beings that have
no ion channels that use ions and don't use electromagnetism at all apparently i don't
know what he's talking about here i think this is clear obfuscation of the truth
not for one second am i going to say that we understand everything about the brain but
what little we understand we do understand that the symphony of electrical signals
has at least partially conducted by proteins which can selectively gate
ionic conductances and we've done these experiments enough to know it that that we know
and that's what's the frustrating thing about the world that we're in right now
we actually have been we're being led off of a cliff where we think we know nothing
that the free will doesn't exist and that that everything you know is wrong into a certain
extent it's true but all of our biological observations don't need to be thrown out all of
our biologists aren't completely wrong they have formed their ideas sometimes in the maladaptive
context or the bonsai the bonsai pot of reductionist science that has caused us to
miss a lot of these big ideas caused us to lose sight of the sacred and the irreducible
complexities that really are at the heart of our love of biology and our appreciation for it i
totally agree but to say that we know nothing that some of the things that we know are useless
when we know when that's certainly not the case
is exactly the trick here there is no way impossible there's no way you're ever going to
get me to believe that and accept that biophysics is on the same level of shaky ground that
molecular virology is that is just ridiculous we could be wrong about a lot of things we could
have oversimplified a lot of things but the forces and the sources of flow and charge
and our basic understanding of the biophysics of the lipid bio the lipid
bilayer is crucial ladies and gentlemen can you can you just follow along for a minute here
can you just try to follow along for a minute impromptu lecture here lipid
bilayer is an incredible thing that for whatever reason all life on earth that's any worth any
complication at all is made up and what's so cool about the lipid bilayer is that that that ions
can't go across it that stuff can't go across it but electromagnetism can't
and so the concentration of potassium inside and outside matters and when it's different
there is an electrochemical force that exists across this lipid bilayer because of its narrowness
if the lipid bilayer was five times as thick the electromagnetic forces that it could contain
and and the potential that could exist across it would be very much reduced because these
little magnets couldn't and their little concentration gradients couldn't affect each other as well
and so isn't it brilliant that life has come up with with with protein shapes that can create
cat ionic binding sites and ionic binding sites inside of them that that
give them the selectivity for a particular ionic species so that potassium a thousand times more
than sodium for example will go through a particular channel and that's that potassium or sodium will
go through a different channel at the same ratio a thousand to one or ten thousand to one and
the properties of the assembly of these subunits we've identified some of the key amino acids that
provide these ionic gates and we've looked at the change in their orientation as they gate
and we may not we may not have a perfect understanding of how all these things work
but we do have a very basic understanding of why at this size scale water is so freaking cool
and we do have an interesting understanding of why at this size scale ionic concentrations
can exert electrochemical forces across this barrier but the useful concentration on one side
or the other won't change if a few ions flow because the volume outside of a cell is your whole
body and the volume on the inside of the cell is just the inside of the cell so if the inside of
the cell is a highly controlled environment then very carefully orchestrated electrochemical
gradients can be used to create can be used to power and can be used to energize and metabolize
and he's suggesting that all of this understanding is irrelevant to to us being electrochemical
beings or something like that
ladies and gentlemen i'm sorry but i can't help but come to the conclusion that this guy
really doesn't know what he's talking about and some for some reason or another is so arrogant
that um hasn't bothered to understand that there could be people lying about stuff and other people
are not lying about stuff maybe just miss miss understanding the fidelity with which they understand
it and that a no virus position or a no blood brain barrier or a no ion channels or a no electrical
impulses stance on how the body works is not really compatible with what he just said of some
sorts everything but in particular life is severely lacking and that we are bio energetic
electrical electromagnetic beings of some sort have you ever thought about the possibility that
that putting biophysicists and pigeonholing them into neuroscience in a few other places
has hampered our ability to understand the role that electromagnetism and electrochemical forces
have in our metabolism has kept us away from understanding how toxins in our environment could
affect our neurochemical metabolism and so they keep these people focused on ion channels of
one particular type so that they never realized that wow this is really a big broad biology that
we should be advocating for the you know this is part of the sacred biology no instead
they're all at the biophysics conference they're never talking about things unless there's a
particular genetic disease related to their particular channel and so is he presenting some
useful solution to try and reconcile what these people have observed with what these people have
lied about observing so that we can all come to a collective understanding of where we are
and steady's offering very dumb simple explanations for why these people are wrong
three generations of biophysicists are all wrong about proteins and membranes and all
wrong about electrochemical gradients that go through ion channels and all wrong about
how action potentials are generated even though we have 30 years of consistent observation of
these phenomenon that have never contradicted each other
unlike virology which he's totally right about do you see what i'm saying unlike virology which
he's totally right about that haven't advanced in their methodologies at all haven't tried to test
their presumptions at all whereas biophysicists and protein ion channel people have been trying
to test their presupposition since the start of their work
i think it's a good place to stop right now we're at 220 i don't want to i don't want to take too
long i will cover the other video which is right here i'm going to show you it in case you want to
watch it earlier um it is on rumble it is called at least on this link it is called Dr. Cowan Dr.
Kaufman Dr. Bailey and more why contagious viruses don't exist and then very interestingly here
in the chat or in the in the description it says yet another scientist this time jj kui
makes the claim that contagious viruses exist while knocking the terrain theory claim which
says they don't but as per usual the people have put a great deal of time into research
and research to show there are no such thing as contagious virus handily puts this scientist
in his place and so it's actually the four of them the five of them that all respond and they're
actually responding sorry i'm talking to the camera you can't see me they're actually responding
to my um the email that i wrote on behalf of chd at this time so this is from a year ago
we will watch this um and you can see it right down here the comments are very obvious right uh
how is he not right when dr. david martin has proven the origin of this new virus huh
after the first segment's obvious this is a hispiet piece and i'm surprised that Andy Kaufman
involvement so what's interesting about that is i think that at least my impression is the
Andy Kaufman might be the most the person who i have the most skepticism for because he number one
kind of steps in front of the breggans as a psychiatrist supposedly speaking out against
psychiatry and then he also steps in front of a lot of these no-virus people and i have a picture of
him shaking andrew komo's hand in 2019 for a grant that he got for making biosurveillance devices for
prison populations in new york city so if anybody is connected to the shitheads who did this to us
in new york city it would be Andy Kaufman and the other flag for Andy Kaufman for me is that the
first person i ever heard his name from was none other than kevin mccaren in march of 2020 and you
know all i feel about about that fella um i mean these are all team worst case scenario members and
so i i suspected at least one or more of these were co-opted at some point to be part of the
worst case scenario narrative and and they may be all in on it at this stage all in on the idea of
making sure we don't get to the finish line early enough to make a difference and that's why their
narrative will slowly change that's why kevin mccaren and charles rixie a year ago or six months
ago on matt crawford show said that yeah of course it's clones but now they want to you to believe
that clones can spread that r&a can spread all it wants if you put the right sequences in there
which turns out to be the same dumb story they were saying in 2020 already but just morphed a
little bit to accept some of the biology that i've exposed and to kind of absorb it again to step in
front and they're all going to do it it's going to continue until we finally get to a critical
mass of people like mike eden nick hudson jessica hawkin mark kulak and myself and that all understand
that this was one great big lie and it's a lie based on an ongoing deception that started much
earlier about r&a viruses and how much fidelity r&a virology has or doesn't have
how much these proxies of pcr's are actually indication of anything real is up for debate and
i agree totally with these people about that the once they say there are no ion channels in that
we don't understand anything but we're electrovings it just doesn't make any sense to me anymore
when they start giving credit to people who freeze water and capture images of emotion in the water
it doesn't really hold hold it just doesn't work and if you have somebody who's focused on foyas
for five years and and foying police departments for whether they have any evidence of isolating a
virus that's just ridiculous and so me calling out foyas as being ridiculous was a reason to
hate on me me saying that there might be a way for all of us to be right because infectious
clones are a methodology was a reason to hate on me and now we're in 2024 and we're still not
really making any progress even though i've fully admitted that i was bamboozled for two years and
i've apologized for it and admitted that i've even lost friends because i didn't get my head out fast
enough and the only thing that anybody can do is ignore this stream because that's all they've got
left is ignoring this stream ladies and gentlemen this has been giga ohm biological a high resistance
low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist um
um
ladies and gentlemen uh intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent
of augmenting the immune system is dumb uh transfection and healthy humans is criminally
negligent and RNA cannot pandemic uh start there and give people to pay attention to those messages
this has been giga ohm biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a
biologist i'll be on a 10 10 tomorrow on saturday to do that response video because i promised
i was going to do it with do it tomorrow and now i've got i've got work to do tomorrow again so
i'll see you again at 10 10 tomorrow thanks for being here and uh thanks for sharing and if you
have the means please go to giga ohm biological and find other ways to support the channel thanks
very much shout out to mark he's still working hard and shout out to Jessica who was just interviewed
by the corona committee in germany today i'm looking forward to that interview by with wolf
gang and uh with vivian i also got an email from wolf gang this morning every time i get an email
from that guy it feels like uh things might be okay um and um and nick hudson was on rustle brand
so i'm gonna watch that this afternoon with great interest to see um what what ideas he
mentioned and how far he got with it thanks again guys i'll see you soon
you
.